[instrumental music]
Oh, my God! We've been waiting
here for like 20 hours!
You know they should
invent a bank
where actual people help you.
What's your rush?
- I can't tell you.
- Fine.
Seriously, you can't know.
- Okay.
- Stop it.
It has nothing to do
with your Christmas present.
I have to go now
or the place is gonna close.
- So go.
- Well, I can't.
I have to deposit my paycheck.
That's stupid.
I got to deposit mine.
Just give me your PIN.
Uh..
You don't trust me?
No, no.
Of course I trust you.
It's just..
Okay, before I tell you my PIN
you have to know
that nobody has ever
gotten inside my heart and soul
the way you have.
I love you  so much.
- Holly, what's the--
- Ben-4-ever.
[sighs]
Mmm, baby, it's cool.
You had a life before me.
- Aw, you're so--
- Change it.
Done.
So here's my paycheck
and save the receipt.
Thanks.
Vince-4-ever.
That's for one week?
Oh, my God.
I'm Kevin Federline.
♪ I just wanna say ♪
♪ Life wouldn't be
the same here without you ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Through the good and bad ♪
♪ Of all that
we've been through ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Hold onto me ♪
♪ And I'll return it ♪
♪ With nothing less
than all of me ♪
♪ I'll never feel alone again ♪
♪ If you walk beside me ♪♪
[instrumental music]
Lauren, Lauren, Lauren!
Oh, my God, it happened.
Vic and I--
Holy crap!
You and ham arms finally did it?
No, we kissed.
And it was amazing.
- Oh, my god, you kissed?
- Hm-mmm.
How was the breath?
Like a field of mint
with a touch of candied yam.
Oh!
So what happened after the kiss?
He left.
- He left?
- Yeah.
He said that he wants to woo me
so he's taking me out
on a date tonight.
So, you guys are gonna woo
after your date?
Okay, do you know what
the word "Woo" means?
Yeah, it means
that Vic gets naked
and then you go, woo.
- Val, this came for you.
- Ooh!
This must be one of the clues.
Vic said he's gonna
send me clues
about where
he's taking me tonight.
Oh, look, it's a poem.
"Time that keeps
dear love from me
is but my lonely
heart's enemy."
Is that the sweetest?
What's he saying with that?
Yeah, I think he's telling her
that he like-y the dudes.
No, no, it's about time
and love and--
Ooh! And, oh, look,
there's a watch.
Oh, look.
It's stopped at 6:00.
That must mean our date
is at 6:00.
Yeah or your gay husband got
a good deal on a broken watch.
Oh, Lauren, stop it.
This is Val's day, okay?
After making out
with her ex-fiance
you get no days for
the rest of your life, now!
Oh, my God, I can't believe
that you are still harping on--
Okay, you know what, Gary?
It's okay.
Lauren and I
have moved past the fact
that she betrayed me
and made out with my ex-fiance.
Yeah, what about the fact
that she betrayed me?
I told the woman not to go--
Hey, when have I ever
listened to you?
Hey, I'm a man,
I'm a player!
Okay! Stop it!
It's my day.
Oh.
Isn't Vic incredible?
So sweet and thoughtful
and romantic.
Yeah. Rick was romantic.
Yeah, with you, with his wife,
Sara down the street.
Okay! Gary, I said
it's over, alright?
Let's not talk about it anymore.
Let's just be happy that
that loser is out of her life.
Excuse me?
You heard right.
Uh, w-what do you mean
by "Loser?"
Well, Lauren, honey
I mean this
in the most loving way.
When someone is a cheat
and a liar
it kinda makes them a loser.
Okay, come on!
We have customers.
Uh, okay, just because
he cheated and lied to you
does not mean that he's going
to treat me the same way.
Yeah, he's already treating you
the same way.
He's cheating on you
with his wife.
Yeah, but that's just 'cause
she doesn't like to get freaky.
Come here.
Listen to me.
Rick is never
gonna leave his wife.
Uh, hey, what are you,
the God of Rick?
You don't know that.
Uh, I was engaged
to the man, I think I know him.
You don't know him
the way that I know him.
Okay, look, he is gonna
break your heart
just like he broke my heart
just like he is breaking
his wife's heart
just like he's gonna break
the next girl's heart.
That's what he does.
Rick is never gonna leave
his wife for you!
Okay, now you're really
pissing me off, nasty.
See, unlike the two of you
Rick and I are on the same page.
Oh, you mean, the same web page?
Isn't that where you two started
your deep and meaningful
relationship?
Oh, yes, as opposed to
your deep, meaningful
relationship with Vic?
Hmm, now when did that start?
Let me think back.
Oh, yes, the bottom
of a tequila bottle!
That's just because
Rick cheated on me!
And I don't blame him!
(Valerie)
Mmm!
Okay, let's all give it up
for the Sugar Babies players.
[instrumental music]
Hey, man, hey, hey.
Can I talk to you
about something?
It's, it's kind of embarrassing.
Oh, say no more.
Use the cream from the third
shelf in the medicine cabinet.
It takes away everything.
Gary, it's about Holly.
Oh, tell Holly, "Use the cream
from the third shelf in the--"
Gary, it's not about that.
I saw Holly's paycheck.
It's huge.
I can't stop
thinking about it, man.
She makes so much
more money than me.
- And?
- And it bugs me.
I mean, I'm the man.
I'm supposed to be the provider.
No, no, you are the man
because you found yourself
a rich girlfriend.
High five.
So it wouldn't bother you
that your girlfriend
makes twice
as much money as you?
Look, man, why make it a problem
when there is no problem?
You love her. She loves you.
- Yeah, but it bugs me that--
- Okay, okay.
So you think
that Holly is so far
beneath you
that she isn't entitled
to making more money than you?
No, it's just--
Then she doesn't deserve
to make more money?
No, she deserves--
Then it's your stupid pride.
Aw, that could be it.
Now, what are you gonna do
about it?
I'm gonna get past it,
try to get past it.
No, you're gonna do it,
because real men get past it.
And you're acting
like a weak man.
Now, are you a real man?
Raargh!
Weird man, but real man.
Thanks, Gary.
Now, you know
you got to pay for that.
Put it on Holly's tab.
A real man can let his woman
pay for his muffin.
That's what I'm talking about.
Keep it pimpin', player!
Keep it pimpin', alright.
I wrote the book on macking.
Hey, Val,
someone's here for you.
(Valerie)
'Oh, ho!'
'Lauren, did you
come to apologize'
finally see the error of..
Oh, flowers, hm-mmm.
Here.
Clue number two.
See, Gary,
Lauren needs to understand
what a real relationship
is about.
A relationship with a man
who is not a liar and a cheat.
A man who can put these flowers
on his MasterCard
and not worry that his wife
is gonna find out about it.
"Dear Lauren, I've left my wife.
Love, Rick."
My mistake.
Not your clue.
[instrumental music]
[knock on door]
Coming.
- Hi.
- Hey.
So I got your text message.
What's the emergency?
You need your man
for something?
Lift something heavy,
kill a bug, ride a bull?
I'm your man.
Yeah, later. First, I want you
to open your present.
Merry Christmas!
I know it's early
but I couldn't wait. Come on.
Why can't we just
wait till Christmas?
Because I'm too excited
and you have no idea
how hard it was for me
to keep this trip
to the Caribbean a secret.
Oops.
See?
You bought me a trip?
I bought us a trip.
Four days, blues skies,
golden sands.
That's, uh...that's very
generous of you.
Raargh.
Anything for my baby.
Ah! Wait till you see
the hotel I got.
It was completely booked, so
I schmeared the guy a little bit
and I got us this great deal
on a room with an ocean view.
Who's the man?
I can't go. I-I can't take
four days off of work.
Wait. What?
Well, part of it's a weekend
so it's really only two days.
I-I just can't pick up
and leave.
Well, it's two days.
Last year you took off an entire
day to see "The Incredibles."
I'm not going.
Wait. What?
Yes, you are.
Don't tell me
what I'm gonna do.
Okay, fine. Don't go.
- Merry Christmas, weirdo.
- Same to you.
Well, sucks for you
because it's the luxury resort
where Britney and Kevin
got married!
[instrumental music]
I can't do it, Gary.
I tried to be cool
but I cannot be a kept man.
You ain't trying hard enough.
I don't understand him, Tina.
I gave him the trip
and he totally freaked out.
I hate him so much right now,
but I don't know why.
I may be able to help you.
Hold, please.
(Vince)
'I got to make
more money, Gary.'
I, uh, Holly is just gonna
keep making more and more.
I'm telling you,
she's going places.
And I'm just going to those
places to deliver packages.
Relax, man. Alright?
There are many ways for you
to make some serious cash.
Two words.
Sell your kidney.
I feel like such a loser.
I mean, what kind of job
can I get
to even come close
to what she has?
(Gary)
'Um, I don't know, let's think
about it for a second.'
You've never worked
in an office.
You don't have any experience.
Um...you know what
I can see you doing?
Selling real estate.
(Vince)
'Real estate?
I don't know anything about--'
Look, man, the key
to New York real estate
is inside information.
And who knows the city
better than you?
You've delivered to every
doorman in every building.
I do know what's going down
on the streets.
Dude...I am so
a real estate agent.
[instrumental music]
Oh, Gary.
I have looked everywhere.
There's no sign of Lauren.
Why did I have to open
my big mouth?
Why is everyone
coming to me today?
I am tired of trying to help
everybody with their problems.
I tried to help Vince,
I tried to help..
Wait, who else did I
try to help?
Just me.
Oh. Well, how can I help you?
Gary, I am a horrible friend.
I said some horrible things
and the horrible things
I said are all wrong.
Yeah, but you're the man, see
and you make more money
than her.
- What?
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm getting my clients
all mixed up.
Uh, let's see.
Okay. Yeah, yeah.
You're the one with
the second clue to your date.
Oh.
Isn't he precious?
Yeah, it's not often
you see a teddy bear
in his formal attire.
It must mean Vic's taking me
someplace fancy.
Where do you think she could be?
Who?
Lauren!
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Uh, she's at the Fashion Corner.
She called a while ago.
Uh-oh. I-I think I sent..
Oh, well.
I hope Vince finds something
cute when he gets there.
[instrumental music]
She's been in here
for, like, two hours.
She tried to have
some wonton soup delivered
but we have a strict
"No food" policy.
Yeah, you wouldn't know it
by the cows I've seen
parading through here.
Lauren?
Hmm.
What are you doing here?
Finding you to apologize.
I'm so sorry
for the things I said.
Oh, I'm sorry too.
Hey, um...why do you think it is
that every time I find
a guy I like
there's always some "But."
You know, he's cute,
but he's gotta get back
to the psych unit before 6:00.
He's super smart,
but he's a flasher.
And now Rick.
You know, I thought that
we could have been soulmates
but he's married.
Yeah, about that
this came for you
with a dozen roses.
Oh, my God.
He left his wife?
That's what it says.
So I was right.
And I was wrong.
And, you know, I've been
thinking about it.
Whatever you wanna do,
I am there for you, okay?
I don't ever wanna let Rick
ruin our friendship.
Oh, sweetie, he never will.
Uh, Val?
Can I ask you a question?
Anything.
Does this beret
make me look French
or like I work at La Crepe?
Mostly, it just
makes you look stupid.
See? We're friends.
I can say that.
Yeah.
Your hair looks flat.
Oh!
[both giggle]
You know what?
Maybe I just misjudged him.
You know, maybe truly
being in love with someone
can change a person.
Yeah, I mean look how
being in love with Vic
has changed you.
Yeah, and I never
would have gotten there
if I didn't have a friend
like you to help me.
Aw.
I'm so great.
Yes, you are.
You're terrific.
Okay, um, Val, there's something
that I should prob--
Ladies, can I ring
any of that up for you?
- No.
- Then we're closed. Get out.
Closed? Oh, my God,
what time is it?
Ohh! Oh, no.
I don't even know where
I'm supposed to meet Vic.
He said he was gonna leave
another clue at the bakery.
Where's my cell?
Here-here, use mine.
Okay. Oh, okay.
- Quit.
- Okay, sorry.
Oh. Oh, God.
H-he-he says
that he waited 45 minutes
at the restaurant
and then he left
because he thought that
I got scared and backed out.
No, no, no.
You didn't back out.
No, I didn't back out!
I came here to find you.
Oh, I'm sorry!
I'm really sorry!
[alarm blaring]
[instrumental music]
[knock on door]
Coming.
Hi. I am so glad you came.
I have been calling you
and calling you..
Oh. Tha-that's not
a loving look.
[chuckles]
So, funny thing.
Yeah, I was out all day
trying to find a new job.
What? You're looking
for a new job?
- I thought you loved your--
- Holly?
Continue.
So I got a call
for an interview
with a really huge
real estate firm.
That's so fast-paced
and exciting.
Real fast-paced.
So fast-paced, in fact
they called me in
for an interview
based on an impressive resume
I didn't send them.
That is awesome.
You're unbelievable.
You made me a resume
and sent it over
without even asking?
Vince, I just didn't want
you pounding the pavement
'cause it's not how you do it.
No, it's not how  you do it.
Holly, I can get
my own interviews.
No. Why won't you just
let me help you?
No, Holly, I've been
taking care of myself
since I was 17 years old.
I know, but
if I have experience
in something--
No. Baby, no.
[sighs]
Holly, I wanna be the one
who takes care of you.
I wanna be the one that buys
tickets to the Caribbean.
I wanna be Britney Spears.
Okay, but what's the difference
if we're both going
to the Caribbean together?
I don't know. It's just..
It's just different.
You do take care of me.
Oh, yeah?
How do I take care of you?
You love me.
And...you go
to the Caribbean with me.
Only if I pay for the next trip.
Okay.
And...if I were you
I would go with
the gray pinstripe suit
for the interview.
Holly, I can pick out
my own clothes.
Good call on the gray pinstripe.
Hey, look, it's the program
from my high school graduation.
Huh!
Vince, your interview's
gonna go great.
You're gonna be charming,
funny, smart, sexy.
(Robin)
'Vince!'
- Robin?
- Vince!
I was just so excited
when your resume
came through the fax.
I pulled it immediately
and got you
an interview with daddy
before he left town.
[laughs]
Oh, I hope you don't mind.
I got your address
off your resume.
I just wanted
to give you a heads-up
before you meet with daddy.
Robin, wow. Robin?
I didn't know you were..
Holly, this is Robin.
Yes, I gathered.
- Robin Marquette.
- I'm Holly Tyler. I'm Vince's--
Wow. So Marquette Properties
is your--
Daddy's company.
That little parking lot business
he started when
we were in high school
really took off.
We went to high school together.
Oh. So are you in the program?
If those parking lots
could talk, huh, Vince?
But they can't.
Pavement.
When I went off
to Sarah Lawrence
I totally lost touch
with this guy.
You know how it is
when you go to college.
Yeah, I know, totally.
Yeah, I graduated comma sum..
You know, whatever.
Can you believe
this coincidence?
No. I mean, it's unbelievable.
Come on.
I've got the company limo.
My God, how is it
you look even better
than you did four years ago?
- Nice to meet you.
- Oh, back at ya.
- I'll call you.
- Okay. Yeah.
Knock 'em dead.
[stomps foot]
I am not pleased.
[instrumental music]
Oh, my God.
I am so sorry.
You missed your date
because of me.
Oh, the traffic out there
was so bad.
Maybe the President is in town.
He's always making
a mess of everything.
Damn. No messages.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
Oh, okay.
Here's what it was.
Look, Val,
there's a huge fire in Soho.
[gasps]
Oh, please, dear God,
don't let it be the DKNY store.
(man on TV)
'Additional units
from Spring, Jones'
'and Duane Street stations
were called in to help out.'
Duane Street. Oh, my God.
T-that's Vic's station.
'We've just been informed
that three firefighters'
'have been seriously injured
in a roof collapse.'
Okay, uh, Val,
I am sure that right now
Vic is into his third martini
telling the bartender
what a freak his wife is, okay?
[telephone rings]
Look, that's probably him
right now, drunk dialing.
Hello?
It's the fire department.
[dramatic music]
Yes, this is Mrs. Meladeo.
Oh, God.
[theme music]